RUMM-943 Update the docs following the new API for SDK initialisation (#459)
DataDog/dd-sdk-android: docs/trace_collection.md

   To be compliant with the GDPR regulation, the SDK requires the tracking consent value at initialization. 
   The tracking consent can be one of the following values:
    * `TrackingConsent.PENDING`: The SDK starts collecting and batching the data but does not send it to the data
      collection endpoint. The SDK waits for the new tracking consent value to decide what to do with the batched data.
    * `TrackingConsent.GRANTED`: The SDK starts collecting the data and sends it to the data collection endpoint.
    * `TrackingConsent.NOT_GRANTED`: The SDK does not collect any data. You will not be able to manually send any logs, traces, or
      RUM events.
    
   If you want to update the tracking consent after the SDK is initialized, call: `Datadog.setTrackingConsent(<NEW CONSENT>)`.
   The SDK changes its behavior according to the new consent. For example, if the current tracking consent is `TrackingConsent.PENDING` and you update it to:
    * `TrackingConsent.GRANTED`: The SDK sends all current batched data and future data directly to the data collection endpoint.
    * `TrackingConsent.NOT_GRANTED`: The SDK wipes all batched data and does not collect any future data. 
    

>    You could notice that in the credentials required for initialisation we also require your application variant name. This is very important for us as based on it we will 
>    be able to automatically upload the right proguard `mapping.txt` file at build time. This will be needed to automatically de-obfuscate the stack traces in the Datadog dashboard.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that in the credentials required for initialization, your application variant name is also required. This is important because it enables  the right proguard `mapping.txt` file to be automatically uploaded at build time. This allows a Datadog dashboard to de-obfuscate the stack traces.
```

>    There is also a utility method which gives you the current state of the SDK. You can use this to check if it was properly initialized or not:

Reviewer: same as above

   
   ```kotlin
    if(Datadog.isInitialized()){
        // your code here
    }
   ```

>    When writing your application, you can enable development logs. All internal messages in the library with a priority equal  or higher than the provided level are then logged to Android's Logcat.

Reviewer: same as above

    span.finish()

    ```

> 6. Using Scopes:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. To use scopes in synchronous calls:
```

   }

   ```

> 7. Using scopes in Asynchronous calls:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. To use scopes in asynchronous calls:
```

   }

   ```  

> 8. (Optional) How to manually distribute traces between your environments, for example frontend - backend:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
8. (Optional) To manually distribute traces between your environments, for example frontend to backend:
```

**Note**: For code bases using the OkHttp client, Datadog provides the implementation below.

> 9. (Optional) - Provide additional tags alongside your span.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
9. (Optional) To provide additional tags alongside your span:
```

    ```kotlin
    span.setTag("http.url", url)
    ```

> 10. (Optional) Attach an error information to a span:
> 
>     If you want to mark a span as having an error, you can do so by logging it using the official OpenTracing tags

Reviewer: ```suggestion
10. (Optional) To mark a span as having an error, log it using OpenTracing tags:
```
